yes
What's behind this in this in
ezequiel that they say they are and why not
when me my old my daughter who went to
notice
42 years later
and it will leave a banner
being treated my daughter put me on 3rd
but it's still paper
and it's time for the criminal 12 steps
for some things and it's one is a
eternity but in the case of criminal
surely the distance is very
short and long as you look with very
little kid doing I had that feeling
I always have what I get if you and
more the car removed
strong to the middle like a stick or what is
but I have two because the usual
and that's how much confidence I have in my
my partner and fellow people who
he passes very quiet smata when he was
knit goal I festejé quiet
because I was so nervous that same
and screaming desperate not
the truth that tele
the people and my partner made me yesterday
to be very calm, it is always said that
the archers study the performers
in this case the other way around you had an idea
like then I used to throw and nation or if
in this case I had seen it shortcut
criminals not the truth that I did not have
seen and no no no I 'm not study of the
rivals yo
It does not care about anything
does not stick this in history against several
I try to practice and improve day
a day
better that same
I practice with torrico that I think that
it is very criminal ero
one of the best penalty kicks
that there is a hand duel for Argentina
by hand in the week as you come with
torrico draw they call me grabbing the
because I feel like I said it
I welcome the blow to penalties but we are
tied and kicked when torrico that
we walk some do not go to play another
team and there goes the data that is the
problem
get stuck because it's difficult for me
I think for a moment in toni kross
luka modric gareth bale james rodríguez
Christian ronaldo karim benzema
they are going to face those monsters yes
today looking at it here or looking at it
on TV are some phenomena I'm going to
always respect but once
start and the start of the game
the end we have to trial
it's like that it does not shrink me at all
that worry that they worry toni
kross for god and if not to boot like that
he tells us the court I have to start
I went into action on the court
there is no better than being the court or not
there are better than my classmates
I love you I want to take you for a
Paraguayan soccer moment
that you know very well
and in fact we are in these hours with
a new coach in the national team
argentina and tata martino is
just who we take you to the
Paraguayan selection
tell me what coach is going to
find the Argentine team is not
of him is a coach with
with a lot of personality it will be very
well to Argentine football like when
played when he had here in new he was very
all right
and it gives a lot of hierarchy
and today the Argentine team the truth
that we put everything for him because he is
a big association with history with
a lot of history and not everyone gets to
lead
Argentina and today is the and I think that what
she does very well congratulate her on her
family to his coaching staff and I think I
do well because it is a technical
very capable not good you had with
He deals with the selection of Paraguay , a
World large room in South Africa
final if we come to agreement is a
technician I think very tactical studies a lot
the rivals
is very smart for campus or
This party says what you're going to win over here
we do this or be careful that you are
very good not to be careful with the word
with funes was a is near the area
because I nod very well I ask you look
the ball
the truth that he is a very technical
intelligent not if martino has maybe
as features and coaches that
maybe they have their way of playing and the
campus regardless of the campus
and have the characteristic of
young people play their way and they look for
the petén suits his way of playing
and coaches that
they try to adapt to
characteristics of the genes you have and
the 'tata' martino played in a way
when he did it in just for you or for
freedom played another way in the
selection did it in a way
different in google if in barcelona with
coincide with this if he has he
adapts a lot the colors that he has
for example Paraguay we were
young people we want
We were runners that we put in
we win we win well up and then
it was
notice that in the one that played I want I
that suits the team that has
the club's global commitment remains
quite far away lounge that will go full
for the local championship
you have to stick your head back the
domestic routine if now to enjoy what
What is left is all day
the truth is not easy to
liberators so you have to enjoy it
but unfortunately we do not have much
time to celebrate now but today
it ends tomorrow have a little more to
talk a little more and we were already
all full what is racing and what
that the local tournament took san lorenzo and
we have to plug in again to
try to catch from the top not in
these congratulations and I hope you have a
time with your family to take some
mates exists where we started as the
We paddled and we ended up arriving until this
place that I think is a place of
privilege that for few if it is for
few but I think what
what has not yet had the luck
you would be told that there is a group left and that
Always train as much as you think
encounter has its reward we make a
the furniture store to the location where
we buy ortigosa is needed I do not know if
no place thanks to be and
congratulations is not you